we can note the differences in our world
as time goes on whether it's our houses
which are now commonly shoe boxes
stacked on top of one another our jobs
our salaries our privacy and every other
aspect of our lives in the new world you
exist in a digital world confined to
Arms Reach from your smartphone
surveilled to keep you
safe the Old World Is Gone welcome to
the new you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you let's talk
about this today what your future will
look
like there's many different Avenues it
can go
down
but let's look at some of the
possibilities which are already
happening right now it simply needs to
spread let's
begin would you stay in a hotel with a
stranger Marriott is set to introduce
communal rooms for up to 16 people that
share a living and dining
area now some people do the communal
setup where they live dorm rooms and
others and they're very comfortable with
it and it seems to be a way to reduce
costs if somebody wants to do this I
believe that they should be able to I
don't see anything wrong with it however
if people are impoverished and as a
result they need to share a living space
with many people in order to be able to
survive we have ourselves a problem
it was just you know
1970 I have the statistics in my book
1970 easily you had one person
working and they were able to have their
cars their beautiful home everything
they needed one person
working and the home cost just a
fraction of what it does today in
relation to the salary
not in nominal terms okay so times have
really changed in that regard there's no
doubt and yet these living
expenses have become dramatically higher
look at the introduction of the micro
Lofts you also seeing these tiny homes
popping up everywhere in fact it's
been so intense that there's TV shows
based around the tiny homes living in
houses that are literally just 100 200
square fet sometimes and as I said
totally fine if somebody wants to do
that but if they literally can't afford
what you would call a conventional sized
home
because everything has become so
expensive or their wages just don't keep
up and all this then we have ourselves a
problem okay let's move on
quickly this right here it's my be a
little difficult to see I'll use the the
highlighter here we live okay so this is
essentially a dorm room it's pretty much
what it is
and right here they make some
descriptions beds and couches towels and
linens everything in between
community-driven common areas full-time
concierge and
housekeeping and access to the uh events
that they have okay 55,000 members
apparently so there's apparently 55,000
people who have signed up to this and
everything is shared so you can have
your own private space if you're willing
to pay for that and then they also have
the communal areas and what this does is
it basically reduces cost just like that
dorm room you have you know your TV area
and there's a bunch of couches and you
have the uh towels and linens service
for example as they talked about this
right here allows it to be all all
streamlined and and sort of uh have this
operation going where you pay one fee
per month and everything is taken care
of for you perhaps you're too busy
perhaps you simply are working two jobs
you don't have time to do all this other
stuff you basically are never home
anyway so might as well just have a
place that you can just go you crash and
you wake up and you go to uh work the
next day that's what's happening but
you're working two jobs for what purpose
what is all of this for I mean look 1970
I mean in a way it is a while ago but
when you look at it in another way what
has happened since the
economies of the pretty much of most
countries have been destroyed it's
eroding it's not being destroyed in an
explosion it's an erosion that's what
people don't see they don't see it
because it happens over
Generations but don't be fooled by it
all right this right
here okay so from a document out of the
European
Union what we're talking about here is
very simply the introduction of new
types of facilities
buildings Zero Energy buildings okay
let's focus just on this right here by
December 2020 all new buildings are
nearly zero energy and then after 2018
new buildings occupied and owned by
public authorities are near nearly Zero
Energy buildings so they're implementing
this just around the corner they have to
be Zero
Energy what if they don't comply well
probably have to pay money to the
government the taxation
system and part of
this I had read that it would be in in
part due to
the all of this climate change and
everything else that you would not be
able to have single family
dwellings and what that means is
essentially you would have to
have Condominiums apartment building
Style whether it's the communal type
facilities that I just showed
you that's what this is all about it's
getting you to get used to a different
type of living than just a few years
ago this happens to be I don't know if
it's all of the EU or just Germany but
regardless it's taking over all over the
place Peak Carr Australia's love affair
with ownership Fades with the rise of
the car sharing
Services now we've got them here in
Toronto I know they're basically
everywhere now and car sharing services
like for those who don't know it's
essentially you rent the car but you can
just rent it for an hour so you go to
parking lots around the city you'll find
a car parked there you can use your
phone app to unlock the door you drive
it around when you're done with it you
could basically park it anywhere and uh
you push this button on your smartphone
and it signifies that you're done with
the service and they charge you it's an
interesting uh method of doing this it's
for people who don't have a car now you
know as I said it was only a few years
ago where everyone would have that house
in that car and to be paid for and
there' be no problem today different
story people can't afford it why because
in Toronto for example if you want a
parking spot never mind the car just the
pavement to put that car on you're
probably going to be looking at about
$30,000 that's right
$330,000 for
ashphalt then you buy a car to put on
top of that maybe that's another 20 or
30 or 40,000 depending on what you want
so the expenses are astronomical when
you in fact fact in the insurance you
must get insurance of course and these
insurance rates keep going up and up
people are thinking you know what forget
it I use my car a few times a week and
it's just not worth it I'm just going to
rent the car when I need it I'll spend
you know 50 bucks a month and it's a
much better idea so that's what's
happening with this the rental economy
is taking
off then you have this Visio Smart TVs
track
viewers Around the Clock without consent
essentially what they said was look we
were just aggregating the data we
weren't necessarily you know picking out
that and and uh connecting it in with
who you were specifically so they say
but it really doesn't matter because we
know it's all being tracked and
databased by the NSA at least the NSA
that's that's what we found out but of
course this manufacturer has to pay $2.2
million for doing this but the NSA goes
way deeper than this and nothing happens
nobody gets in trouble anyway we are
always being surveilled that's part of
this new way of living the new
world all right then you have this two
Trends which have been growing
significantly over the years this shows
you approximately a 10 year chart I
believe almost 10 years and what we have
here house for rent house for rent
consistently rising over the years
people can't afford to buy a home
anymore it's not just the big cities of
you know for example Toronto and
Vancouver which have had astronomical
rises in their prices it it's not
Manhattan necessarily San Francisco
you're looking at many many cities are
really struggling with this as a problem
right now and what happens rents rise
it's a simple matter of
fact and then uh Car leasing essentially
their leasing accounted for
27% of all car purchases in 2013 it's
huge definitely huge that people are
simply not buying cars they're leasing
their cars because they're unsure what's
going to happen in 3 years I don't know
I don't know if I'll be employed I don't
know what the economy is going to be
like and essentially you have also have
the fact that the leasing is cheaper
than the financing uh
generally and then we have this what if
you can't afford to live what are you
going to do well you're going to stick
your hand out to the government and say
please well the idea of a guaranteed
basic income
for residents of Ontario was the focus
of a discussion in city hall now I'm
reading this article it says onario but
this has been going on all across the
globe I've done videos about it before
Kitchener is one of the 14 communities
discussing a pilot project that could
see a basic guaranteed remember these
words basic guaranteed income replacing
Ontario Works and the Ontario Disability
support
program so essentially it's a way to
reduce poverty so they claim improve
health housing and employment in Ontario
so whatever you do you decide to go to
work you decide to stay home you decide
to do
anything they are going to give you
money sounds great sounds excellent wow
free money I love it it's a genius idea
except who's paying for that well of
course you are you pay to yourself you
pay to your friends and everyone else
that is on this
system and it's ultimately going to be
something that will be taken up by
different cities and could be adopted on
a global scale when jobs are destroyed
let's move on to this one happens to be
Amazon when jobs are
eliminated which that is the goal right
here here Amazon will utilize technology
to minimize labor a source close to the
situation told the
post and that's the goal essentially
this article was talking about Amazon I
I showed you the Amazon store which
basically is completely automated you
just scan your um Amazon app from your
phone you walk in you pull stuff off the
shelf you leave the store and it
automatically will charge you no human
interaction God forbid so what you have
here is automation taking over jobs
that's a matter of fact and this here is
showing you that they're they want to
expand it it was just one little tiny
store had only a few items but they're
looking into expanding that to I think
it was 4,000 items or something so it'
be much much larger scale they want to
try that as well of course it's going to
be a lot different in the Dynamics and
everything but they'll have only two or
three employees there just making sure
everything's
okay no theft or anything like that
that's pretty much what they're for so
this is going to be a drastic change in
supermarkets should this take off that
is something that you know cashiers and
uh managers and and all the people who
are stocking the shelves and everything
else I mean you're going to have a lot
less people needed and that's when the
guaranteed income comes into play people
don't have jobs what do you do you have
welfare social assistance programs and
you can simply just give it across the
board everyone gets a bit of
money and if you don't like
it if you have a problem if you take it
to the
streets you will be met with force and
this is just one example of how quickly
things can escalate unrelated but I'm
just showing you as an
example Brazil's president on Monday
ordered 200 troops to the southeastern
state of espiro Santo where a police
strike in recent days sparked a wave of
violence including what is already
already believed to be dozens of
murders the military on the street is
the ultimate goal of any tyrannical
totalitarian system I'm not saying that
that's what's happening right now in
Brazil That's the ultimate goal of any
of them for all time this
is It's music to their ears it's it's
sweet
wonderful desires that they go to bed
and dream about every night these
globalists hoping
praying that violence will spark so that
they can bring the military on the
streets call it martial law and have the
people be instilled in fear for
generations to
come if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up last but not
least if you found the video informative
I know you will find my book The Money
GPS even more informative look you can
head to Amazon where you'll be able to
actually flip through the pages of the
book and see if you like it take care